The 4.9 release fixes bugs related to state values of several
widgets. It also improves the Widget Tree by changing the labels to
display the class and the alias of the widget and automatically
updating it in more cases.

The 4.8.x releases fixes bugs and updates the documentation.

The 4.8 release includes support for Custom widgets which are widgets
for which the Python implementation is left to the user. Python 3
versions of the examples are included. The widgets handles have been
enlarged and colored to facilitate selection. Bugs related to the
changing of aliases have been corrected. Finally, a function which
expands a widget to fill its container has been added to some widgets
I have fixed some bug within the font handling code and that may
require that fonts in existing PAGE projects be re-specified.

The 4.7 release includes support for binding events to top level
windows and reorganizes the generated code for greater clarity and
provides variable parameter lists for the init function in the support
module using the Python convention of \*vargs, \*\*kwargs. Important
fixes for Cut, Copy, and Paste and for the TCombobox widget.

The 4.6 release includes new function. a) Shows generated code in
separate console windows. b) Allows loading of consol windows without
generating code. c) Allows the opening of user's favorite IDE with
saved versions of the generated code. d) Corresponding changes in
the Gen_Python menu.

The 4.5 release incorporates new flexibility for the location of the
toplevel widget in the generated GUI using the default location
determined by the window manager.

The 4.4.x releases contain bug fixes.

The 4.4 releases supported popup or context menus. Also, support for
ttk menubuttons was removed pending more debugging and the Labelframe
widget was added. Finally, support for function definition was;
however, PAGE still defined skeleton functions as before.
The 4.3 release includes code to update an existing support module
with Tkinter variables and skeleton functions newly required as a result of
:ref:`rework`.

The 4.2 releases has new function which aids :ref:`rework`.  This is a
fairly extensive departure from the previous workings of
PAGE. Additional examples were added to illustrate some aspects of the
rework scheme. They also provided additional Help and additional
scrolled widgets.

The 4.1 releases contains several changes dealing with preferences
dealing with font preferences and function to backup versions of the
generated GUI.

The 4.0 release contains sufficient advances including:

	* Significant improvements in the specification and clarity of Preferences.

	* Significant work with color and associated connections with styles.  Emphasis on readability of generated style code. Unfortunately, this seems to work better with Linux/Unix systems than with Windows or OS X.

	* Better support for OS X. 

	* Better support for the Scale and TScale widgets.

	* Better support for Toplevel widgets. You can now change attributes; background and cursor, for example.

	* Corrected problems with the TMenubutton.

	* Shifted emphasis to Python 2.7 from 2.6.

	* Added the ttk::sizegrip widget.

	* Fixed numerous bugs.

The 3.0 release was a major revision of PAGE initiated because of the
following events:

     * The release of Tcl/Tk 8.5 which includes the ttk widget
       set. This is a themed widget set containing new core widgets
       such as notebook, combobox, treeview and progressbar widgets.
       Further, the themed feature allows the same design look natural
       on Linux, Windows, and OS X. 

     * The advent of a new version of Visual Tcl upon which PAGE is
       built. The new version provides an improved user interface.

     * I have realized that some of the bells and whistles that I
       included before are superfluous or perhaps error prone.

     * Although relative placement was incorporated in the previous
       version, it added to the desirability of making a major
       revision because some Tix widgets had some problems when
       stretched. I want to thank George Tellalov for his suggestions
       and encouragement regarding this feature.

     * The Pyttk package by Guilherme Polo showed me how to create
       scrolled versions of text boxes and list boxes in a very
       transparent manner.
